Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
So let me tell you what
Like a Virgin is about.
It's all about a girl who
digs a guy with a big dick.
The entire song - it's a
metaphor for big dicks.
No, it ain't. It's about a
girl who's very vulnerable.
She's been fucked over a few times, then
she meets a guy who's very sensitive...
Whoa. Time out, Greenbay. Tell that
fuckin' bullshit to the tourists.
Toby? Who the fuck is Toby?
Like A Virgin's not about some
sensitive girl who meets a nice fella.
That's what True Blue's about.
Granted, no argument about that.
Which one's True Blue?
You ain't heard True Blue? It
was a big-ass hit for Madonna.
I don't even follow that Tops of the Pop
shit and even I've heard of True Blue.
I didn't say I hadn't heard of it.
What I asked is how's it go.
Excuse me for not being
the world's biggest Madonna fan.
Personally, I can
do without her.
I used to like her early stuff.
Borderline.
But when she got off with that Papa
Don't Preach phase, I tuned out.
But you guys are like making me
lose my train of thought here.
I was saying something.
What was it?
Oh, Toby's that little Chinese girl.
What was her last name?
What's that?
It's an old address book I found in a
coat I haven't worn in a coon's age.
- What was that name?
- Look, what the fuck was I talking about?
You said True Blue
was about a guy...
A sensitive girl who meets a nice guy, but
Like a Virgin was a metaphor for big dicks.
Okay, let me tell you what
Like A Virgin's about.
It's all about this cooze
who's a regular fuck machine.
I'm talking morning,
day, night, afternoon.
Dick, dick, dick, dick, dick,
dick, dick, dick, dick.
- How many dicks is that?
- A lot.
So, one day she meets this John Holmes
motherfucker and it's like, whoa, baby!
I mean, this cat is like Charles Bronson
In The Great Escape. He's digging tunnels.
She's getting serious dick action, and she's
feeling something she ain't felt since forever.
Pain. Pain.
Chew? Toby Chew?
It hurts. It hurts her.
It shouldn't hurt her.
You know, her pussy should be
Bubble Yum by now,
but when this cat fucks her, it hurts.
It hurts just like it did the first time.
You see the pain is
reminding a fuck machine
what it was once
like to be a virgin,
hence... Like a Virgin.
Wong!
Give me that fuckin' thing.
What the hell do you think you are doing?
Give me my book back.
I'm sick of fuckin' hearin' it, Joe.
I'll give it back to you when we leave.
What do you mean when we leave?
Give me it back now!
For the past 15 minutes now, you've
been droning on about names.
"Toby..."
"Toby? Toby?"
"Toby Wong."
"Toby Wong? Toby Wong."
"Toby Chung? Fucking
Charlie Chan!"
I got Madonna's big dick
coming out of my left ear,
and Toby the Jap I-don't-know-what
coming out of my right.
Gimme that book.
Are you gonna put it away?
I'm gonna do whatever the
fuck I want with it.
Well, then I'm afraid I'm
gonna have to keep it.
Hey, Joe... want me
to shoot this guy?
Shit! You shoot me in a dream, you
better wake up and apologise.
You guys been listening to K-Billy's
Super Sounds of the '70s Weekend?
- Oh, yeah, man, it's fuckin' great.
- Can you believe the songs they've been playing?
You know what I heard the other day?
Heartbeat, it's A Lovebeat, by Little
Tony DeFranco and DeFranco Family.
I haven't heard that song since I was
in the fifth fuckin' grade.
When I was coming down here, The Night
The Lights Went Out In Georgia came on.
I... I ain't heard that
song since it was big.
When it was big, I must have heard
it a million trillion fuckin' times.
This is the first time I ever realised that the
girl singing the song is the one who shot Andy.
You didn't know Vicki Lawrence
was the one who shot Andy?
I thought the cheating
wife shot Andy.
Yeah, but they say at
the end of the song.
I know, motherfucker.
I just heard it.
That's what I'm talking about.
I must have zoned out
during that part before.
All right. I'll take
care of the check.
You guys can get the tip.
It should be about
a buck apiece.
And, you, when I come
back, I want my book.
Sorry, it's my book now.
Hey, I changed my mind.
Shoot this piece
of shit, will you?
All right, everybody cough up
some green for the little lady.
Come on, throw in a buck.
Uh-uh. I don't tip.
You don't tip?
No, I don't believe in it.
You don't believe in tipping?
You know what these chicks make?
They make shit.
Don't give me that. She don't
make enough, she can quit.
I don't even know a fuckin' Jew
who'd have the balls to say that.
Let me just get this straight.
You don't ever tip, huh?
I don't tip because
society says I have to.
All right, I mean I'll tip if somebody
really deserves a tip.
If they really put forth the
effort, I'll give 'em something extra,
but I mean this tipping automatically
is for the birds.
As far as I'm concerned,
they're doing their job.
- Hey, this girl was nice.
- She was okay.
- She wasn't anything special.
- What's special?
Take you in the back
and suck your dick?
- I'd go over 12 percent for that.
- Look, I ordered coffee.
We've been here a long fuckin' time.
She's only filled my cup three times.
When I order coffee, I
want it filled six times.
Six times? What if she's
too fuckin' busy?
Words "Too fuckin' busy" shouldn't
be in a waitress's vocabulary.
Excuse me, Mr. Pink, but the last fuckin'
thing you need is another cup of coffee.
Jesus Christ, I mean these ladies
aren't starving to death.
They make minimum wage.
You know, I used to work
minimum wage and when I did
I wasn't lucky enough to have
a job society deemed tip-worthy.
But you don't care they're counting
on your tips to live.
You know what this is? It's the world's
smallest violin playing just for the waitresses.
You don't have any idea
what you're talking about.
These people bust their ass.
This is a hard job.
So's working at McDonald's but you don't
feel the need to tip them, do you?
Why not? They're serving you food.
But no, society says, "Don't
tip these guys here,"
"but tip these guys over
here." That's bullshit.
Waitressing is the
number-one occupation
for female non-college
graduates in this country.
It's the one job basically any woman
can get and make a living on.
The reason is because
of their tips.
Fuck all that.
Jesus Christ!
I mean I'm very sorry the
government taxes their tips.
That's fucked up.
That ain't my fault.
You know it appears waitresses
are one of the groups
the government fucks in the
ass on a regular basis.
I mean, if you show me a piece of paper that says
they shouldn't do that, I'll sign it.
Put it to a vote, I'll vote for it.
What I won't do is play ball.
And this non-college bullshit you're giving me,
I got two words for that: learn to fuckin' type.
If you expect me to help out with the
rent, you're in for a fuckin' surprise.
He's convinced me. Give
me my dollar back.
Hey,
leave the dollars there.
All right, ramblers,
let's get ramblin'.
Wait a minute. Who
didn't throw in?
- Mr. Pink.
- Mr. Pink?
- Why not?
- He don't tip.
He don't tip? What do you
mean, you don't tip?
- He don't believe in it.
- Shut up.
What do you mean you
don't believe in it?
Come on, you, cough up a
buck, you cheap bastard.
I paid for your
goddamn breakfast.
All right, since you
paid for breakfast, I'll put in,
put in, but normally, I
would never do this.
Never mind what you
normally would do.
Just cough in your goddamn
buck like everybody else.
Thank you!
That was the Partridge Family's
Doesn't Somebody Want To Be Wanted,
followed by Edison Lighthouse's
Love Grows Where My Rosemary Goes
as K-Billy's Super Sounds of the '70s
Weekend just keeps on... truckin'.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Lookin' back on the track
For a little green bag♪
♪ Got to find just that kind
Or losin' my mind♪
♪ Outside in the night
Outside in the day♪
♪ Lookin' back on the track
Gonna do it my way♪
♪ Outside in the night
Outside in the day♪
♪ Lookin' back on the track
Gonna do it my way♪
♪ Lookin' back♪
♪ Lookin' for some happiness♪
♪ But there is only loneliness to find♪
♪ Turn to the left♪
♪ Turn to the right♪
♪ Lookin' upstairs♪
♪ Lookin' behind♪
♪ Lookin' for some happiness♪
♪ But there is only loneliness to find ♪
♪ Turn to the left♪
♪ Turn to the right♪
- ♪ Lookin' upstairs ♪
- Oh, God!
- ♪ Lookin' behind ♪
- Oh, shit!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die!
- Just hold on, buddy boy!
- I'm gonna die!
Hey!
I'm sorry!
- Give me your hand.
- I can't believe she killed me, man!
Who'd have fuckin' thought that?
Hey, just cancel that
shit, right now!
You're hurt. You're hurt real
fuckin' bad, but you ain't dying!
I'm gonna die! I'm gonna...
All this...
All this blood is scaring
the shit out of me, Larry!
- I'm gonna die, I know it!
- Oh.
Excuse me, I didn't realize
you had a degree in medicine.
Er... are you a doctor?
Are you a doctor?
Answer me, please -
are you a doctor?
- Huh?
- No, I'm not. I'm not.
Okay. So you admit you don't know
what you're talking about.
So, if you're through giving
me your amateur opinion,
just lie back
and listen to the news.
I'm taking you back
to the rendezvous.
Joe's gonna get you a doctor, this
doctor's gonna fix you up and...
you're gonna be okay.
Now say it!
You're gonna be okay.
Say it!
You're gonna be okay!
Say the goddamn words!
- Oh, God!
- Say the goddamn fuckin' words!
Say it!
I'm okay, Larry.
Correct!
Correct.
I'm okay.
Look where we are.
- Look where we are. We made it.
- Larry...
you gotta save me, man!
You gotta save me!
- We're in the warehouse.
- Oh!
Who's a tough guy? Who's a tough guy?
- Come on, who's a tough guy?
- I'm a tough guy.
- Who's a tough guy? You're a tough guy.
- Larry!
You're a fuckin' tough guy.
Okay. Okay...
We're in the warehouse.
Look where we are.
We made it. We made it.
We fuckin' made it.
- We have fuckin' made it.
- Ohh!
We're in the warehouse.
Look where we are.
So hold on, buddy boy, hold on.
Hold on, hold on.
Oh... shit!
Quit banging your head. You're
gonna bang a fuckin' hole in the floor!
Yeah, you don't wanna hurt the
fuckin' floor, do you?
- Oh!
- I can't do anything for you.
But when Joe gets here...
which should be any time now,
he's gonna help you out.
He's gonna take care of you.
Okay? We're just gonna sit
here and we're gonna wait for Joe.
Who are we waiting for?
Joe.
Larry, I'm just
fuckin' scared, man.
Would you please hold me?
Yeah, sure.
You go ahead and be scared.
You've been brave
enough for one day.
I just want you
to relax now, okay?
You're not gonna fuckin' die.
You're gonna be fine.
When Joe gets here, he'll
make you 100 percent again.
I'm hurt, and I'm
hurt bad, Larry.
It's not good, no.
Larry...
bless your heart for what
you're trying to do.
I was panicking for a
minute back there...
but I got my senses back now.
The situation is... I'm
shot in the belly.
Without medical
attention, I'm gonna die.
I can't take you to a hospital.
Fuck jail, man!
You don't have to take me in.
Just drive me up to the front.
Just drop me on the sidewalk.
I'll take care of myself.
I won't tell 'em anything, man.
I won't tell 'em anything.
I swear to fuckin' God, man.
Just look in my eyes, Larry.
Look in my eyes.
I won't tell them anything.
You'll be safe, man.
You're not gonna fuckin'
die, kid, all right?
Listen to me: you're
gonna be fine.
Along with the kneecap, the gut is the
most painful area a guy can get shot in...
No shit.
But it takes a long
time to die from it.
I'm talkin' days.
You're gonna wish you were dead, but
it takes days to die from your wound.
Time is on your side.
- Was that a fuckin' setup or what?
- Fuckin' right.
Shit. Orange got tagged?
Gut shot.
Fuck. Where's, er... Brown?
Dead.
Fuck! How did he die?
How the fuck do you think?
The cops shot him.
This is bad. This
is so fuckin' bad!
Is it bad?
As opposed to good?
Man, this is fucked up.
This is so fucked up!
Somebody fucked us
up big-time, man!
You really think we were set up?
Do you even doubt it, man?
I don't think we got set
up, I know we got set up.
I mean, really, seriously, where
did all those cops come from, huh?
One minute they're not
there, the next minute they're there!
They're there! I didn't
hear any sirens.
The alarm went off, okay?
When an alarm goes off, you've got an
average of four minutes response time.
Unless a patrol car is cruising that
street at that particular moment,
you got four minutes before
they can realistically respond.
In one minute, there were
17 blue boys out there,
all one of a barrel,
all knowing exactly what the fuck they
were doing and they were all just there!
Remember that second wave
that showed up in the cars, okay?
Those were the ones
responding to the alarm there
but those first motherfuckers, I'm telling you
man, they were there and they were waiting for us.
Haven't you fuckin'
thought about this?
I haven't had a chance to think.
First, I just tried to get
the fuck out of there.
And after we got away, I've
just been dealing with him.
You better start fucking thinking about it
man, because that's all I'm thinking about.
Now, I wasn't even gonna come here.
I was gonna drive... just drive off, man,
because whoever set us up
knows about this place.
There could've been cops
here waiting for us.
They could be coming here right now!
Let's go in the other room.
Hey, in there.
Please, don't leave me.
I'm gonna die.
I'm just gonna be in that room.
Just over the other side.
I'll be back in a minute, okay?
I'll be right there looking at you.
I'm right here
looking at you, okay?
Right in here. Right over there.
What the fuck
am I doing here, man?
You know I felt funny
about this job right off.
As soon as I felt it I should've said "No, thank you"
and just walked, but I didn't fuckin' listen!
It was like that every time I got
caught buying weed. Same thing, man.
I didn't trust the guy, I felt funny
about it, but I wanted to believe him, you know.
Because if he's not lying and it really is
Thai stick then it's great, right?
But no, it's never Thai stick.
And I always said if I felt that way about
a job I'd fuckin' walk and I didn't!
I didn't cause of the fuckin' money.
What's done is done.
We need you cool.
Are you cool?
All right, I'm cool.
Splash some water on your face.
Take a breather.
Relax. Have a cigarette.
- I quit.
- All right.
Why, you got one?
Yeah.
Here you go. Have
a Chesterfield.
Thanks.
Okay. Let's go through
what happened.
Okay.
We're in the place,
everything's going fine.
- Then the alarm gets tripped.
- Right.
Then I turn around and all
these cops are outside.
Yeah, right, bam, I blink
my eyes and they're there.
Everybody starts going ape shit.
Then Mr. Blond starts
to shoot all the...
- That's not correct.
- What's wrong with it?
Okay. The cops did not show up
after the alarm went off.
The cops didn't show up until after
Mr. Blond started shooting everybody.
- As soon as I heard the alarm, I saw the cops.
- No, I'm telling you, it wasn't that soon, okay?
They didn't let their presence be known
until after Mr. Blond became a madman, right?
I'm not saying they weren't there.
I'm saying they were there.
But they didn't make their move until after
Mr. Blond started shooting everybody.
I mean, that's how I know
we were set up.
- Come on, Mr. White, I mean, you can see that.
- Look, look, enough of this Mr. White shit!
Wait, wait, wait, man. Don't tell
me your fuckin' name.
I don't wanna know it.
Jesus Christ, I ain't
gonna tell you mine.
You're right, this is bad.
How did you get out?
I shot my way out. Everybody started
shooting, so I blasted my way out of there.
Move it! Get out of the way!
Get the fuck out of the way!
Jesus Christ, what the
fuck is your problem, man?
- You fuckin' asshole!
- Fuck off!
- Move!
- Keep down, Ernie!
- Jesus!
- My car!
Get the fuck out of the car!
Move it! Move out of the way!
I tagged a couple of cops.
Did you kill anybody?
A few cops.
- No real people?
- Just cops.
Man, could you
believe Mr. Blond?
That was the most insane fuckin'
thing I have ever seen.
Why the fuck would Joe
hire a guy like that?
I don't wanna kill anybody,
but if I gotta get out that
door and you're standing in my way,
one way or the other you're
getting out of my way.
That's the way I look at it.
A choice between doing ten years or
taking out some stupid motherfucker...
ain't no choice at all.
But I ain't no madman either.
What the fuck was Joe thinking? I
can't work with a guy like that.
We're awful goddamn lucky he didn't
tag us when he shot the place up.
I came this close to
taking his ass out myself.
I mean, everybody
panics, everybody.
Things get tense. It's
human nature to panic.
I don't care what your name
is, you can't help it.
Fuck, man, you panic on the
inside, in your head, you know?
Then you give yourself a couple of
seconds, you get a hold of the situation,
you deal with it. What you don't
do is start shootin' up the place and start killing people!
No, what you're supposed to do is
act like a fuckin' professional.
A psychopath ain't
a professional.
I can't work with a psychopath.
You don't know what those sick
assholes are gonna do next.
I mean, Jesus Christ, how old do you
think that black girl was, 20?
- Maybe 21?
- If that.
Did you see what happened
to anybody else?
Me and Orange jumped in the
car, Brown floored it.
After that, I don't
know what went down.
At that point, it was
every man for himself.
As far as Mr. Blond and Mr. Blue are
concerned, I ain't got the foggiest.
'Cause once I got out I never looked back.
What do you think?
What do I think? I mean, you know, the
cops either caught them or killed them.
No chance they punched through?
You found a hole.
Yeah, and that was
a fuckin' miracle.
But even if they did get away,
then where the fuck are they?
You don't think they fought for 'em and
they got a hold of the diamonds and...
No, no way.
How can you be so sure?
I got the diamonds.
That's my boy.
- Where?
- I stashed 'em.
Look, if you wanna come with me, let's
go get 'em right now, right this second, man.
Cause I think staying here, man,
we should have our
fuckin' heads examined.
- That was the plan. We meet here.
- Then where the fuck is everybody?
I say the plan becomes null and void once
we find out we got a rat in the house.
We ain't got the slightest fuckin' idea what
happened to Mr. Blond and Mr. Blue.
I mean, they could both be dead
or maybe they're arrested.
The cops could have them right now at
the station house, sweatin' them down.
Yeah, they don't know our names but they
could be singing about this place.
I swear to God, I think
I'm fuckin' jinxed.
What?
Two jobs back, it
was a four-man job.
We discovered one of the
team was an undercover cop.
No shit?
Thank God we discovered in time.
We had to forget the whole thing,
just walk the fuck away from it.
So who's the rat this time?
Mr. Blue?
Mr. Brown?
Joe?
You know, listen, I mean, Joe set this
whole thing up. Maybe he set it up...
No, I don't bite. Me and
Joe go back a long time.
I can tell you definitely, Joe don't know
a fuckin' thing about this bullshit.
Hey look, I've known Joe
since I was a kid, okay,
and me saying he definitely had
nothing to do with it is ridiculous.
I mean, I can say I definitely didn't do
it cause I know what I did or didn't do,
but I cannot say that about anybody
else, cause I don't definitely know.
For all I know, you're the rat.
For all I know, you're
the fuckin' rat!
All right, now you're
using your fuckin' head.
For all we know, he's the rat.
Hey, that kid in there is dying from
a fuckin' bullet I saw him take,
so don't you be
calling him a rat!
Look... I'm right, okay?
Somebody's a fuckin' rat.
Where's the commode in this dungeon?
I gotta take a squirt.
Go down the hall, make a left, go
up the stairs and make a right.
By the way, how's Alabama?
Alabama?
I haven't seen 'Bama in
over a year and a half.
I thought you two were a team.
We were for a little while.
We did about four jobs together,
then decided to call it quits.
Why?
You push that woman-man thing too long
and it gets to you after a while.
What's she doing now?
She hooked up with Frank McGarr.
They've done a couple jobs together.
Hell of a woman. Good little thief.
So, explain the telegram.
Five-man job,
busting in and busting out
of a diamond wholesaler's.
Can you move the ice afterwards? I
don't know nobody that can move ice.
No problem. We got
guys waiting for it.
What happened to Marcellus Spivey?
Didn't he always move your ice?
He's doing 20 years
in Susanville.
20 years! Holy God.
- What for?
- Bad luck.
I guess you can say that again.
- What's the exposure like?
- Two minutes tops,
but it's a tough two minutes.
Daylight, during business
hours, dealing with a crowd.
But you'll have the guys
to deal with the crowd.
- How many employees?
- I'd say around 20.
Security pretty lax.
They most usually
just deal in boxes.
You know, uncut stones from
the diamond syndicate.
But on this particular day, they're getting
a shipment of polished stones from Israel.
They're like a way-station, you know. They're to get
picked up the next day and sent to Vermont.
No, they're not.
What's the cut, Papa?
Juicy, Junior,
real juicy.
Hey, look, man, you do what you want.
I'm out of here, man.
I'm gonna check into a
motel for a few days.
You know, I'll lay low
and I'll call Joe.
Oh, shit, did he
fuckin' die on us?
Huh? Is he dead or what?
- He ain't dead.
- What is it?
I think he's just passed out.
Scared the fuckin' shit out of me, man.
I thought he was dead for sure.
Without medical attention,
he will die for sure.
What are we gonna do, man? We can't
take him to a hospital.
Without medical attention, that man
might not live through the night.
The bullet in his
belly is my fault.
Now while that may not mean jack shit to
you, it means a hell of a lot to me.
First things first, okay? Staying
here is goofy. We gotta book up.
What do you suggest we
do - go to a hotel?
We got a guy who's
shot in the belly.
He can't walk, he bleeds
like a stuck pig.
And when he's awake,
he screams in pain.
You got an idea, spit it out!
Joe could help.
If we could get in
touch with Joe...
Joe could get him to a doctor. Joe
could get a doctor to come to see him.
Assuming we can trust Joe, how are
we gonna get in touch with him?
Huh? He should be here but he ain't,
which makes me nervous about being here.
Even if he is on the up-and-up, I don't
think he's gonna be too happy with us, okay?
He planned a robbery and he's
got a blood bath on his hands now.
He's got dead cops, dead
robbers, dead civilians.
Jesus Christ, I doubt he'll have a
lot of sympathy for our plight.
I mean, if I was him I'd put as much distance
between me and this mess as humanly possible.
Before you got here, Mr. Orange was asking
me to take him to a doctor, to a hospital.
Now, I don't like the idea of
turning him over to the cops,
but if we don't, he's gonna die.
He begged me to do it.
Well... all right, then I guess
we take him to a hospital.
I mean, if that's what he
said, let's do it.
Since he don't know nothing about
us, I say it's his decision.
Well, he knows a
little about me.
What? Wait, wait. You didn't
tell him your name, did you?
I told him my first name
and where I was from.
Why?
I told him where I was from a few days ago.
It was just a natural conversation.
What was telling him your name
when you weren't supposed to?
He asked.
We had just gotten away from the cops.
He just got shot.
It was my fault he got shot.
He's a fuckin' bloody mess.
He's screamin'.
I swear to God, I thought he was
gonna die right then and there.
I'm trying to comfort him...
telling him not to worry, everything's
gonna be okay, I'm gonna take care of him,
and he asked me
what my name was.
I mean, the man was dying in my arms.
What the fuck was I supposed to do?
Tell him, "I'm sorry, I can't give
out that fuckin' information."
"It's against the rules"?
"I don't trust you enough"?
Well, maybe I should
have but I couldn't!
- I don't...
- Fuck you and fuck Joe!
- I'm sure it was a very beautiful scene.
- Don't fuckin' patronize me!
I have one question for you. Do they have a
sheet on you where you're from?
- Yeah!
- Well, that's that, then, man.
I mean, Jesus Christ, I was worried about
mug-shot possibilities as it was.
Now he knows A, your name,
B, what you look like,
C, where you're from,
and D, what your specialty is!
They're not gonna have to show him
a hell of a lot of pictures for him to pick you out.
I mean that's it, right? You didn't tell anything
else that can narrow down the selection?
If I have to tell you again to back
off, we are gonna go round and round.
We ain't taking him
to a hospital.
If we don't, he's gonna die.
I'm very sad about that but some
fellas are lucky and some ain't.
What the fuck are you
touching me for, man?
You wanna fuck with me? I'll show
you who you're fucking with.
You wanna shoot me, you
piece of shit? Go ahead, take a shot.
Fuck you, White, I didn't create
this situation, I'm dealing with it!
You're acting like a
first-year fuckin' thief!
I'm acting like a professional.
They get him, they
could get you.
They get you, they get closer
to me and that can't happen.
You're looking at me
like it's my fault!
I didn't tell him my name.
I didn't tell him where I was from!
Shit, 15 minutes ago, you
almost told me your name!
Your buddy got us stuck in a
situation you created.
So if you wanna throw bad looks
somewhere, throw 'em at a mirror.
You kids shouldn't
play so rough,
somebody's gonna start crying.
Mr. Blond.
Shit. Fucking kicking me.
What happened to you?
I figured you were dead.
Hey, are you okay?
Did you see what
happened to Blue?
We didn't know what
happened to you and Blue.
That's what we were
wondering about. Come on, man.
Look, Brown is dead, Orange
got it in the belly...
Enough! Enough!
You better start
talking, asshole...
cause we got shit we
need to talk about.
We're already freaked out.
We need you acting freaky like we
need a fuckin' bag on our hip.
Okay, let's talk.
- We think we got a rat in the house.
- I guarantee we got a rat in the house.
What makes you say that?
Is that supposed to be funny?
Look, we think this
place ain't safe.
This place just ain't secure any more.
We're leaving. You should go with us.
Nobody's going anywhere.
Piss on this fuckin' turd!
- We're out of here.
- Don't take another step, Mr. White.
Fuck you, maniac!
It's your fuckin' fault
we're in this trouble!
What's this guy's problem?
What's my problem? Yeah,
I got a fuckin' problem.
I got a big fuckin' problem...
with any trigger-happy madman
who almost gets me shot!
What the fuck are
you talking about?
That fuckin' shooting spree!
In the store, remember?
Oh, fuck 'em. They
set off the alarm.
They deserve what they got.
You almost killed me!
Asshole!
If I'd known what kind of guy you were, I
never would have agreed to work with you.
Are you gonna bark all
day, little doggy...
or are you gonna bite?
What was that?
I'm sorry, I didn't catch it.
Would you repeat it?
Are you gonna bark all
day, little doggy...
- or are you gonna bite?
- All right, hey look.
You two assholes, calm the fuck down!
Hey, come on! Let go.
What, are we on a playground here, huh?
Am I the only professional?
You're acting like a bunch
of fuckin' niggers, man!
Have you worked with niggers? Just like you two.
Always saying they're gonna kill each other!
You said you thought
about taking him out!
You fucking said that?
Yeah, I did, okay? I did.
But that was then. Right now this guy
is the only one I completely trust.
He's too fucking homicidal to
be in with the cops!
You're taking his side?
No, fuck sides! Man, what we need
here is a little solidarity.
Somebody stuck a red-hot
poker up our ass
and I wanna know whose
name's on the handle!
Fuck.
Look, I know I'm no piece of shit,
and I'm pretty sure you're okay,
and I'm fuckin' positive
you're on the level,
so let's try and figure out who
the bad guy is, all right?
Wow!
That was really exciting.
I bet you're a big Lee
Marvin fan, aren't you?
Yeah, me too. I love that guy.
My heart's beating so fast I'm
about to have a heart attack here.
I got something outside that, er, I'd
like to show you guys, so follow me.
Follow you? Where?
To my car.
What, did you forget your French
fries to go with the soda?
- No, I had them already.
- Yeah?
I got something I think you might wanna
see, though. It's a big surprise.
I'm sure you'll like it.
Come on.
We still gotta
get out of here, you know.
No. We're gonna stick
around and we're gonna wait.
- What for, the cops?
- No. Nice Guy Eddie.
Nice Guy Eddie? What makes you think he isn't
on a plane right now, halfway to Costa Rica?
Because I spoke to him on the phone and
he said he's on the way down here.
You talked to Nice Guy Eddie? Why the fuck
didn't you say that in the first place?
- Cause you never asked me.
- Hardy-fucking-har.
- What did he say?
- He said stay put.
So, in the meantime,
let me show you guys something.
Jesus Christ!
Maybe our boy in blue here can
answer some of these questions
about this rat business
you been talking about.
You're a piece of
work, my friend.
That ain't a bad Idea. Let's
get him the fuck out of here.
Hey, Sid, will you relax?
I've known you a long time.
I'm not worried.
I know you'll pay me back.
Don't tell me what I already know.
Don't embarrass me.
So you had a few bad months.
You do what everybody else does.
I don't care if it's J.P. Morgan or
Irving the tailor, you ride it out.
- Vic Vega's outside.
- Hold on.
- Who?
- Vic Vega.
Oh, tell him to come in.
- I gotta go.
- Come on in.
A friend of mine's outside. Keep your chin
up, I'll be talking to you. Don't worry.
Hey, welcome home, Vic.
How does freedom feel, huh?
- It's a change.
- Ain't that the sad truth.
Sit down, take your coat
off, make yourself at home.
- Want a little drink?
- Yeah.
How about a little Rémy Martin?
Sure.
Who's your parole officer?
Seymour Scagnetti.
How is he?
He's a fuckin' asshole.
Won't even let me leave
the halfway house.
You know, it never
ceases to amaze me.
A fuckin' jungle bunny goes out there, slits some
old woman's throat for 25 cents,
he gets Doris Day for
a parole officer.
Good fella like you winds up
with a ball-bustin' prick.
I want you to know I appreciate all the
packages you sent me on the inside.
What the hell was I supposed
to do, forget about you?
I just want you to know
that it meant a lot to me.
Hey, it was the least I could do. I wish
to hell I could have done a lot more.
Thanks a lot, Joe.
Ah, Vic...
Toothpick Vic.
So, tell me your story, kid.
What are your plans?
You son of a bitch. I see you sitting
there, but I don't believe it!
- How you doing, Toothpick?
- Hey, Eddie.
Listen, I'm sorry. I should
have picked you up myself.
I was... My fuckin'...
This week's been crazy.
I've had my head up my
ass the whole time.
It's funny you should say that, 'cause that's what
me and your daddy were just talking about.
That I should have
picked you up?
No, that you had your
head up your ass.
I walk in the door, he's like,
"Vic, Vic I'm so glad somebody's finally
here who knows what's going on."
"My son Eddie is a fuck-up."
"He's ruining the business."
"I mean, I love the guy but you know, he's
flushing everything down the toilet."
I mean, that's what you said, right, Joe?
I mean, tell him yourself.
Eddie, I hate for you
to hear it like this, but
well, Vic come in and asked
me how business was.
You don't lie to a guy who's just
done four years in the slammer.
Very true.
All right, enough of this shit!
Break it up!
This ain't a playground!
You guys wanna roll around on the floor,
you do it in Eddie's office, not mine.
- Daddy, did you see that?
- What?
He got me on the ground,
he tried to fuck me!
You wish.
You sick bastard. You tried to
fuck me in my father's office.
Look, Vic, whatever you wanna do in the
privacy of your own home, go to it,
but don't try to fuck me.
I mean, I don't think
of you that way.
I like you a lot, buddy, but I
don't think of you that way.
Listen, if I was a butt cowboy, I
wouldn't even throw you to the posse.
No, you wouldn't. You'd
keep me for yourself.
You know, four years
fuckin' punks up the ass,
you appreciate prime
rib when you see it.
I might break you in, Nice Guy,
but I'd make you my dog's bitch.
Ain't that a sad sight, Daddy?
A man walks into prison a white man,
walks out talking like a fuckin' nigger.
You know what, I think it's all that black
semen been pumped up your ass so far now,
it's backed into your fuckin'
brain, it's coming out your mouth!
Eddie, you keep talking like a bitch,
I'm gonna slap you like a bitch.
All right, enough of that shit!
I'm sick of it!
Both of you, sit down!
Now, Eddie, when you came in here, we
were talking some serious business.
Now, Vic here's got
a parole problem.
- Who's your PO?
- Seymour Scagnetti.
Scagnetti. Fuck.
- I hear he's a motherfucker.
- Oh, he's a fucker.
Won't even let me leave the halfway
house unless I get some shitty job.
You come back to
work for us, right?
Well, I wanna,
but first I gotta prove
to asshead
that I can get a regular, you
know, job, job-type job,
before I can move out on my own.
I can't come back to
work for you guys
if I gotta worry about
making some silly-ass
ten o'clock curfew
every fuckin' night.
All right, we can work
this out, can't we, Eddie?
This ain't all that bad.
Look, we can get you a
lot of legitimate jobs.
I'll get you down in Long
Beach as a dock worker.
I don't wanna lift no
fuckin' crates, Eddie.
Vic, you're not gonna lift shit.
You don't even work there.
But as far as the records
are concerned, you do.
I'll call Matthews the foreman,
and tell him he's got a new guy.
Boom, you're on the rotation.
You get a time card, it's clocked
in and out for you every day.
And at the end of the week
you get a nice paycheck.
Dock workers do very well.
So you can move into a halfway decent
place without Scagnetti fucking going,
"Hey, where the fuck's the
money come from?"
And if he decides to
make a surprise visit,
that's the day we've sent you to Tustin, to
pick up a load of shit and bring it back.
If he comes back again
"Hey, sorry, Seymour,
you just missed him."
"We had to send him to Taft
airstrip five fuckin' hours away."
"We had a load of shit we had
to have him pick up there and bring back here."
Look, part of your job is going different
places, that's the beauty of it.
We got places all
over the place.
See, Vic, did I tell
you not to worry?
- Vic was worried.
- I'll take you out to Long Beach tomorrow.
We'll get you fixed up with Matthews,
I'll tell him what's what.
You know, I really appreciate
what you guys are doing,
but I'd like to know when I can come
back, you know, do some real work.
Well, it's hard to say. It's
kind of a strange time now.
Things are kind of...
They're a little fucked
up is what they are.
Look, we're just getting ready
for a big meeting now in Vegas.
Look, just let Eddie for now
set you up at Long Beach.
Get you a job, give
you some cash,
and get this Scagnetti
fuck off your back.
Then we'll talk to
you, all right?
- Huh?
- Dad... I got an idea.
Now, just... just hear me out.
I know you don't like using
the boys on these jobs...
but Vic here, I mean, he's only
been nothing but good luck for us.
The guy's a fuckin' rabbit's
foot, for crying out loud.
I'd like to have him in.
You know he can handle himself and you
damn sure know you can trust him.
Now, Vic,
how would you feel about pulling a
job with about five other guys?
I'd feel great about it.
K-Billy's Super
Sounds of the '70s continues,
and if you're the
twelfth caller,
you'll win two tickets to the
Monster Truck Extravaganza
being held tonight at
the Carson Fairgrounds,
featuring Big Daddy Don
Bodine's Truck The Behemoth.
The twelfth caller wins on the
station where the '70s survived.
♪ I gotcha! Uh-huh, huh
You thought I didn't see you now, didn't you? ♪
Hey, Dove, we got a
major situation here.
I know you know that. I gotta talk to Daddy
and find out what he wants done.
♪ Give it here, come on! ♪
♪ Good God! ♪
All I know is what Vic told me, man.
He'd said the place turned into a
fuckin' bullet festival.
He took a cop hostage just to
get the fuck out of there.
Get up! Get up!
♪ You promised me the day
That you quit your boyfriend ♪
Do I sound like I'm fuckin' joking?
He's fuckin' driving around with
a cop in his trunk!
♪ You promised me it would be
Just us two ♪
I don't know who did what.
I don't know who's got the loot.
I don't know if anybody's got the loot.
I don't know who's dead, I don't know who's alive.
I don't know who's caught, I don't know who's not.
♪ You never should've promised to me
Give it here ♪
♪ Don't hold back now
♪ Don't say nothing
Just give it here
♪ Come on
Give it here, uh ♪
♪ Give it here! ♪
♪ Give it here! Give it here! ♪
♪ Give it to me now!♪
♪ Hey! I gotcha! ♪
I will know. I'm
practically there now.
But what do I tell these
guys about Daddy?
All right. You're sure
that's what he said?
Okay, that's what I'll tell 'em.
And fuck you! You wanna
be a fuckin' hero huh?
You like being a hero?
You like being a fuckin' hero?
Fuck!
You better stop bluffing, pal.
You hear me? Cause you're
gonna fuckin' talk.
I don't fuckin' know anything!
You fuckin' know. You know. Look at me.
You fuckin' know.
What in the Sam
Hill's going on here?
- You're asking what's going on?
- Hey, Nice Guy, we got a cop.
Holy shit, Orange is dead.
No, he's not dead, but he will be
if we don't get him taken care of.
We were set up. The cops
were there waiting for us.
What? Nobody fuckin'
set anybody up!
- The cops were there waiting for us, man!
- Bullshit.
Hey fuck you, man. You weren't there, we were. And
I'm telling you, the cops had that store staked out.
Okay, Mr. Fuckin' Detective, you're
so fuckin' smart, huh, who did it?
What the hell do you
think we've been asking each other?
Yeah, what did you come up with, huh?
You think I did it? You think I fuckin' set you up?
I don't know, but somebody did.
Nobody did.
You fuckin' assholes turn
a jewelery store...
Don't you call me an asshole!
You fuckin' idiots
- turn a fuckin' jewelery store into a Wild West show,
- Don't you call me a fucking idiot.
...and you wonder why the fucking cops show up?
Where's Joseph?
I don't know. I ain't
talked to him.
I talked to Dove. He said Daddy's coming
down here and he's fuckin' pissed!
He's pissed? I told
you he'd be pissed.
What'd Joe say?
I told you I ain't
talked to him!
All I know is he's pissed!
What are you gonna do about him?
Jesus Christ, give me a
fuckin' chance to breathe.
- I got a few questions of my own.
- You ain't dying, he is!
All right, Mr. Fuckin' Compassion,
I will call somebody!
Who?
A fuckin' snake charmer! Who do you think?
I'll call a doctor!
He'll fix him right up.
Now, what happened
to Brown and Blue?
Brown's dead. We don't
know what happened to Blue.
Brown's dead? Are you sure?
I'm sure. I was there.
He took one in the head.
Nobody's got a clue what
happened to Mr. Blue?
Either he's alive or he's dead,
or the cops got him...
or they don't.
I take it this is the
bastard you told me about?
Why are you beating on him?
Maybe he can tell us who
the fuck set us up.
If you fuckin' beat this prick long enough,
he'll tell you he started the goddamn Chicago Fire.
Now, that don't necessarily
make it fuckin' so!
Come on, man, think!
All right, first things fuckin' last.
Who's got the stones?
Please, somebody at least tell me one
little fuckin' favor just for my sake.
I got a bag. I got a bag, okay?
I stashed it till I could be sure
this place wasn't a police station.
Good for you. Now,
let's go get it.
But first we gotta get rid
of those cars outside.
It looks like Sam's Hot
Car Lot out there.
Okay, Blondie, stay here
and baby-sit them two.
White and Pink, you
take a car each.
I'll follow you. You ditch 'em.
Pick up the stones.
While I'm following you, I'll arrange
some sort of a doctor for our friend.
We can't leave these
guys here with him.
- Why not?
- Cause he's a fuckin' psycho.
And if you think
Joe's pissed off,
that ain't nothing compared to
how pissed off I am at him,
for putting me in the same
room as that bastard.
You see what I've been
putting up with, Eddie?
I fuckin' walked in here, I told
these guys about staying put.
Mr. White whips out his gun,
he's sticking it in my face,
calling me a motherfucker, saying
he's gonna blow me away...
and blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah.
He's the reason the joint
turned into a shooting spree.
What are you, a fuckin'
silent partner?
Tell him!
He went crazy in the store
but he seems all right now.
This is what he was doing.
Bam! Bam!
Yeah, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
I told them not to touch the
fuckin' alarm, they did!
If they hadn't have done what I told
them not to do, they'd still be alive.
My fuckin' hero!
Thanks.
That's your excuse for going
on a kill-crazy rampage?
I don't like alarms, Mr. White.
What does it matter who
stays with the cop?
We ain't letting him go,
now he's seen everybody.
I haven't been
lookin' at you guys.
Shut the fuck up, man!
You guys should never have taken him out
of the trunk in the first place.
- We tried to find out if he knew about the setup.
- There is no fuckin' setup!
Now, here's the news.
Blondie, you stay here and
take care of these two.
White and Pink, you come with me. 'Cause if Joe
gets here and he sees all these cars parked outside,
I swear to you he's gonna be just as
mad at me as he is at you.
Fine. Let's go!
Alone at last.
Guess what.
I think I'm parked
in the red zone.
Now, where were we?
I told you, I don't know anything
about any fuckin' setup.
Mm-hm.
I've been on the force
for only eight months.
They don't tell me anything.
Nobody tells me shit. You can
torture me all you want.
Torture you. That's a good...
That's a good idea.
I like that one. Yeah.
Even your boss said
there wasn't a setup!
My what?
Your boss.
Excuse me, pal,
one thing I wanna make clear to you.
I don't have a boss.
Nobody tells me what to do.
You understand? You hear what
I said, you son of a bitch?
All right, all right, all right.
You don't have a boss. All right.
Get that fuckin' shit off.
Lookit, I'm not gonna
bullshit you, okay?
I don't really give a good fuck
what you know or don't know.
But I'm gonna
torture you anyway.
Regardless.
Not to get information.
It's amusing to me
to torture a cop.
You can say anything you want,
cause I've heard it all before.
All you can do is pray
for a quick death...
which... you ain't gonna get.
Ah, God.
You ever listen to K-Billy's
Super Sounds of the '70s?
It's my personal favorite.
Joe Egan and Gerry Rafferty
were a duo known as Stealer's Wheel,
when they recorded this Dylanesque
pop bubblegum favorite
from April of 1974. That
reached up to number five
as K-Billy's Super Sounds
of the '70s continues.
♪ Well, I don't know
Why I came here tonight ♪
♪ I got the feeling
That something ain't right ♪
♪ I'm so scared
In case I fall off my chair ♪
♪ And I'm wondering
How I'll get down the stairs ♪
♪ Clowns to the left of me
Jokers to the right ♪
♪ Here I am
Stuck in the middle with you ♪
♪ Yes, I'm
♪ And I'm wonderin'
What it is I should do ♪
♪ It's so hard
To keep the smile from my face ♪
- Hold still!
- ♪ Losing control, yeah, I'm all over the place ♪
Hold still, you fuck!
♪ Clowns to the left of me
Jokers to the right ♪
♪ Here I am
Stuck in the middle with you ♪
♪ Well, you started out with nothing ♪
♪ And you're proud that you're a self-made man ♪
♪ And your friends they all come crawlin' ♪
♪ Slap you on the back and say
Please ♪
Was that as good for
you as it was for me?
Hey! What's going on?
You hear that?
- ♪ Trying to make some sense of it all ♪
- Don't go anywhere. I'll be right back.
♪ But I can see
It makes no sense at all ♪
♪ Is it cool
To go to sleep on the floor? ♪
♪ I don't think
That I can take any more ♪
♪ Clowns to the left of me
Jokers to the right ♪
♪ Here I am
Stuck in the... ♪
♪ ...please ♪
♪ Please ♪
♪ And I don't know
Why I came here tonight ♪
♪ I got the feeling
That something ain't right ♪
♪ I'm so scared
In case I fall off my chair ♪
♪ And I'm wondering
How I'll get down the stairs ♪
♪ Clowns to the left of me
Jokers to the right ♪
♪ Here I am
Stuck in the middle with you ♪
♪ Yes, I'm
Stuck in the middle with you♪
♪ Stuck in the middle with you ♪
- ♪ Here I am, stuck in the middle with you ♪
- No! Argh! Argh! Argh!
Don't! Stop! Stop it! Stop!
- What? What's the matter?
- Don't... Don't do this!
- Please... don't!
- That burn a little bit?
Just stop! Stop!
Stop! Stop!
Please stop.
Just stop, just stop. Stop.
Just talk to me for a minute.
Don't! Please.
Don't. Don't burn me, please!
Ah! Ah!
I'm begging you. I don't know anything
about any of you fuckin' guys!
I'm not gonna say anything!
Don't!
Don't! Please don't!
- You all through?
- Don't! Stop!
Are you all through?
Please. I got a little kid
at home, now, please.
- You all done?
- Don't! Don't!
- Have some fire, scarecrow.
- Don't! Don't! Wait, don't!
Ah!
Fuck!
- Hey.
- Ah... shit!
Hey.
What's your name?
Marvin.
Marvin what?
Marvin Nash.
Listen to me, Marvin, I'm a...
Listen to me, Marvin
Nash, I'm a cop.
Yeah, I know.
You do?
Yeah. Your name's
Freddy something.
Newandyke.
Freddy Newandyke.
Frankie Ferchetti... he introduced
us about five months ago.
I don't remember that at all.
I do.
Fuck!
Freddy?
Freddy.
How do I look?
What?
I don't know what to
tell you, Marvin.
That fuck!
Ah, that sick fuck!
That fuckin' bastard!
Marvin, I need you to hold on.
There's cops waiting to
move in a block away.
What the fuck are
they waiting for?
This fuckin' guy slashes my face
and he cuts my fuckin' ear off!
I'm fuckin' deformed!
Fuck you!
Fuck you! I'm
fuckin' dying here!
I'm fuckin' dying!
They're not to make a move
till Joe Cabot shows up.
I was sent in to get him.
All right? Now you heard.
They said he's on his way.
Don't pussy out on
me now, Marvin.
We're just gonna sit here
and bleed until
Joe Cabot sticks his fuckin'
head through that door.
Say hello to a
motherfucker who's inside.
Cabot's doing a job and take a big
fat guess who he wants on the team?
This better not be some
kind of Freddy joke.
It's no joke. I'm in there.
I'm up his ass.
Nice Guy Eddie tells me
Joe wants to meet me.
He says I should just hang in my
apartment and wait for a phone call.
But after waiting three goddamn days by the
fuckin' phone, he calls me last night
and says Joe's ready, he'll
pick me up in 15 minutes.
- Who all picked you up?
- Nice Guy. We get to a bar.
- What bar?
- Smokey Pete's in Gardena.
- Mm-hm.
- We get there
and I meet Joe and a
guy named Mr. White.
It's a phony name.
My name's Mr. Orange.
- Mr. Orange?
- Mr. Orange.
Okay, Mr. Orange...
- you ever seen this motherfucker before?
- Who? Mr. White?
Yes, Mr. Orange, Mr. White.
No, he ain't familiar.
He's ain't one of Cabot's soldiers either.
He's gotta be from out of town.
- Joe knows him real good.
- How can you tell?
The way they talk to each other.
You can tell they're real buddies.
- The two of you talk?
- Who, me and Joe?
Mr. White.
- A little.
- About what?
- The Brewers.
- The Milwaukee Brewers?
Yeah. Apparently, they
won the night before.
He made a killing off 'em.
This is sweet, man.
If this crook's a Brewers fan, his
ass has gotta be from Wisconsin.
- Bing!
- I'll bet you everything
from a diddled-eyed Joe
to a damned-if-l-know,
that Milwaukee, they got a sheet
on this Mr. White motherfucker's ass.
So what I want you to do
is to go through the mugs
of all the guys from old Milwaukee
with a history of armed robbery,
put a name to the face.
- Nice work.
- Thank you, my man.
How was Long Beach
Mike's referral?
Perfecto. He's backing me
up a long fuckin' way.
I told 'em it was Long Beach
Mike I did the poker game with.
When Nice Guy called him to check
it out, he said it was A-OK.
He said I was a good
thief, I didn't rattle,
I was ready to make a move.
Do right by him.
He's a good guy.
I wouldn't be inside
if it wasn't for him.
No. No, no, no, no.
Long Beach Mike is not
your fuckin' amigo, man.
Long Beach Mike is a fuckin' scumbag.
He is selling out his amigos.
That's what kind of a nice guy
he fuckin' is, all right?
I'll take care of his fuckin' ass, man, but
you get that lowlife scumbag out of mind
and you take care of
business, you hear me?
Gone.
You use the commode story?
- What's the commode story?
- It's a scene, man. Memorize it.
A what?
Look, man, an undercover cop's gotta
be Marlon Brando, right?
To do this job, you
gotta be a great actor.
You gotta be naturalistic. You
gotta be naturalistic as hell.
Right, because if you ain't a great
actor, you're a bad actor,
and bad acting is
bullshit in this job.
What is this?
That's an amusing anecdote
about a drug deal.
What?
Something funny that happened to you while
you were doing a fuckin' job, man. Damn.
I gotta memorize all this?
There's over four fuckin'
pages of this shit!
Just think about it
like it's a joke, all right?
You memorize what's important, the
rest you make your own, all right?
- You can tell a joke, can't you?
- No.
Well, pretend you're Don Rickles or
some-fucking-body and tell a joke, all right?
Now the things you gotta
remember are the details.
It's the details that
sell your story.
This particular story takes
place in a men's room,
so you gotta know all the
details about the men's room.
You gotta know if they got paper towels
or a blower to dry your hands with.
You gotta know if the stalls
ain't got no doors or not, man.
You gotta know if
they got liquid soap
or that pink granulated powdered shit
they used to use in high school, remember?
You gotta know if they
got hot water or not.
If it stinks.
If some nasty, lowlife,
scum-ridden motherfucker, man, sprayed
diarrhea all over one of the bowls.
You gotta know every detail there
is to know about this commode.
So, what you gotta do is take all them
details, man, and make them your own.
And while you're doing that, you gotta
remember that this story is about you,
and how you perceived the
events that went down.
The only way to do
that, my brother,
keep saying it and saying it and
saying it and saying it and saying it.
This was during the Los
Angeles marijuana drought in 1986.
I still had a connection,
which was insane, 'cause
you couldn't get weed any-fucking-where.
Anyway... I had a connection with this hippy
chick in Santa Cruz and all my friends knew it.
They'd give me a call and
they'd say, "Hey, Freddy..."
They'd
say, "Hey, dude, you getting some?"
"Can you get some for me too?"
Like, they knew I still smoked,
so they asked me to buy some for
them when I was buying for me.
But it got to be...
Got to be, got to be...
Got to be... every time
I bought some weed,
I was buying for four or five
different fuckin' people.
Finally I said, "Fuck this shit!
I'm making this bitch rich."
She didn't have to do jack shit. She
never even had to meet these people.
I was doing all the work.
But then that got to be a pain in the ass.
People calling me on the phone all the fuckin' time.
I couldn't even rent a fuckin' tape without
six fuckin' phone calls interrupting me.
"Hey, when's the next time you're
getting some?" Motherfucker!
I'm trying to watch The Lost Boys, you know.
"When I get some, I'll let you know."
Then these rinky-dink
potheads come by.
They're my friends and
everything, but still, you know?
I got all my shit
laid out in $60 bags.
They don't want $60 worth.
They want $10 worth.
Breaking it up is a major
fuckin' pain in the ass.
I don't even know what
$10 worth looks like.
This is a very weird situation.
I don't know if you remember back in
'86, there was a major fuckin' drought.
Nobody had anything.
People were living on resin, smoking
the wood in their pipes for months.
This chick had a bunch,
and she's begging me to sell it.
So I told her, I wasn't gonna
be Joe the Pot Man any more,
but I would take a little bit and sell
it to my close, close, close friends.
She agreed that we'd keep the
same arrangement as before,
ten percent, free pot for me as long
as I helped her out that weekend.
She had a brick of weed she was selling,
she didn't wanna go to the buy alone.
Her brother usually goes with her
but he's in County unexpectedly.
- What for?
- His traffic ticket's got a warrant.
They stop him for something, found
warrants on him, took him to County.
Now, she doesn't wanna walk
around alone with all that weed.
I don't wanna do this.
I have a very bad
feeling about it.
She keeps asking me, keeps
asking me, keeps asking me.
Finally, I said okay cause
I'm sick of hearing it.
Now we're picking the guy
up at the train station...
Wait a minute.
You go to the station to pick up
the buyer with the weed on you?
The guy needed it right away.
Don't ask me why.
Anyway, we get to the train station
and we're waiting for the guy.
I'm carrying the weed around in one of those
little carry-on bags, I gotta take a piss.
I tell the connection I'll be right
back, I'm going to the boys' room.
So I walk in the men's room
and who's standing there?
Four Los Angeles County
sheriffs and a German shepherd.
They're waiting for you?
No, it's just a bunch of cops hanging
out in the men's room talking.
When I walk through the
door they all stop what
they were talking about
and they looked at me.
That's hard, man.
That's a fuckin' hard situation.
The German shepherd
starts barking.
He's barking at me.
I mean, it's obvious
he's barking at me.
Every nerve ending, all my senses,
blood in my veins, everything
I have is screaming,
"Take off, man. Just bail. Just
get the fuck out of there!"
Panic hits me like
a bucket of water.
First there's the shock of it.
Bam, right in the face.
I'm just standing there,
drenched in panic,
and all these sheriffs are looking
at me, and they know, man.
They can smell it, sure
as that fuckin' dog can.
They can smell it on me.
Shut up!
Hey, so, so, anyway...
I got my gun drawn, right,
and I got it pointed right at this guy and
I tell him, "Freeze! Don't fuckin' move!"
And this little idiot's
looking right at me, nodding his head yea,
and he's saying,
"I know, I know, I know."
But meanwhile, his right hand is
creeping towards the glove box.
And I scream at him. I go, "Asshole, I'm
gonna fuckin' blow you away right now!"
"Put your hands on the dash!"
And he's still looking
at me, nodding his head,
you know, "I know, buddy.
I know. I know."
And meanwhile, you know, his hand
is still going for the glove box.
And I said, "Buddy, I'm gonna
shoot you in the face",
"if you don't put your hands
on the fuckin' dash!"
And then this guy's girlfriend, this
real sexy Oriental bitch, you know,
she starts screaming at him, "Chuck!
Chuck! What are you doing?"
"Listen to the officer! Put
your hands on the dash!"
So, you know, then like nothing,
the guy snaps out of it
and casually puts his
hands on the dash.
- What was he going for?
- His fuckin' registration.
You're kidding!
No, man! Stupid fucking citizen doesn't know
how close he came to getting blown away.
That close, man.
Bonehead running around the neighborhood.
Police brutality.
You knew how to
handle that situation.
You shit your pants
and dive in and swim.
Tell me more about Cabot.
I don't know.
He's... He's a cool guy.
I don't know. He's funny.
He's a funny guy.
You remember the Fantastic Four?
Oh, yeah, with that invisible
bitch and "Flame On" and shit.
The Thing. Motherfucker
looks just like the Thing.
- Yeah?
- Hey... show time.
Grab your jacket. I'm
parked outside.
I'll be right down.
He'll be right down.
♪ My sunshine ♪
♪ The part he always liked the best ♪
♪ When she'd tease him with a kiss♪
♪ And she said you make me happy ♪
♪ You fool for love♪
♪ What he wouldn't do for love ♪
♪ He's a fool, a fool for love ♪
♪ Born a fool
You got to follow the rule ♪
♪ Always a foo... ♪
Don't pussy out on me now.
They don't know.
They don't know shit.
You're not gonna get hurt.
You're fuckin' Baretta. They believe every
fuckin' word cause you're super cool.
There goes our boy.
I swear, the guy has to have rocks in his head
the size of Gibraltar to work undercover.
- You want one of these?
- Yeah, gimme the bear claw.
♪ Ouga chaka! Ouga, ouga! Ouga chaka!
Ouga, ouga! Ouga chaka! ♪
♪ Ouga, ouga, ouga chaka!
Ouga, ouga, ouga ♪
- ♪ I can't stop this feelin' ♪
- ♪ Ouga chaka! Ouga, ouga... ♪
Hey, I know what I'm talking about, okay?
Black women ain't the same as white women.
There's a slight difference.
Very funny. You
know what I mean.
What a white bitch will put up with, a black
bitch wouldn't put up with for a minute, man.
They got a line and if you
cross it, they fuck you up.
I gotta go along with Pink on that one.
I've seen it happen.
Okay, Mr. Expert, if this
is such a truism,
why is it that every nigger I know
treats his woman like a piece of shit?
I'll make you a bet
that those same damn
niggers who are showing
their ass in public,
when their bitches get 'em
home, man, they chill out.
- Not these guys.
- Oh, yeah, those guys too.
I'll tell you guys a story.
In one of Daddy's clubs, there's a
black cocktail waitress named Elois.
- Elois?
- Yeah, Elois.
E-Lois. We called her Lady E.
Where was she from? Compton?
From Ladera Heights.
Ladera Heights, that's
the black Beverly Hills.
No, it's not the black Beverly Hills.
It's the black Palos Verdes.
Anyway, Lady E, I mean, she
was a man-eater-upper.
Un-fucking-believable. Every
guy who ever, ever laid eyes on her
had to jack off to
her at least once.
You know who she looked like?
She looked like Christie Love.
Remember that TV show
Get Christie Love!,
about the black female cop?
She always used to say,
"You're under arrest, sugar."
Who was the chick who
played Christie Love?
- Pam Grier.
- No, it wasn't Pam Grier.
Pam Grier was the other one.
Pam Grier did the film.
Christie Love was like a Pam
Grier TV show without Pam Grier.
- So who was Christie Love?
- How the fuck should I know?
Great, now I'm totally
fuckin' tortured!
Whoever it was, it doesn't matter.
She looked like Elois.
Anne Francis.
No, that was Honey West.
- Anne Francis is white.
- Shut up, all right? I'm trying to tell a story here.
She looked exactly like Elois. Anyway...
I come into the club one night,
and there's Carlos, he's the bartender.
He's a wetback. He's a friend of mine.
And I says to him, "Carlos,
where's Lady E tonight?"
And he... And now, apparently, Lady E was
married to a real piece of dog shit.
I mean a real fuckin' animal.
He used to do things to her.
Do things? Do things like what?
What would he do?
Did he beat her up or something?
I don't know what he did. He
just did things, all right?
So, anyway, one night
she plays it real cool.
She waits for this bag
of shit to get drunk,
he falls asleep on
the fuckin' couch,
she sneaks up on him, and she puts
some wacko glue on his dick...
- Ohh!
- And glues his dick to his belly!
- No!
- Jesus Christ!
I'm serious, man. I'm serious.
I'm dead serious.
They had to call the paramedics to
cut the prick loose, literally!
- ...do some crazy things with it.
- Was he all pissed off?
How would you feel if every time you had to
take a piss you had to do a fuckin' handstand?
You guys like to tell jokes and
giggle and kid around, huh?
Giggling like a bunch of young
broads in the school yard.
Well, let me tell a joke.
Five guys sitting in a
bullpen in San Quentin
wondering how the
fuck they got there.
"What did we do wrong?
What shoulda we done?
"What didn't we do? What happens now?
"It's your fault, my fault, his
fault." All that bullshit.
Finally someone comes up with
the idea, "Wait a minute,
"while we were planning this caper, all we
did was sit around and tell fuckin' jokes."
Got the message?
Fellas, I don't mean
to holler at you.
When this caper's over, and I'm sure
it's gonna be a successful one,
hell, we'll go down the Hawaiian
islands, I'll roar and laugh with all of you.
You'll find me a different
character down there.
Right now, it's a
matter of business.
With the exception of Eddie and
myself, who you already know,
we're gonna be using
aliases on this job.
Under no circumstances
do I want any one of you to relate to
each other by your Christian names,
and I don't want any talk
about yourself personally.
That includes where you been, your wife's
name, where you might have done time,
or a bank that you
robbed in St. Petersburg.
All I want you guys to talk about if
you have to, is what you're gonna do.
That should do it.
Here are your names.
Mr. Brown,
Mr. White,
Mr. Blond,
Mr. Blue, Mr. Orange,
- and Mr. Pink.
- Why am I Mr. Pink?
Because you're a
faggot, all right?
- Why can't we pick our own colors?
- No way.
No way. Tried it once,
it doesn't work.
You get four guys all fighting
over who's gonna be Mr. Black.
They don't know each other so
nobody wants to back down.
No way. I pick. You're Mr. Pink.
Be thankful you're
not Mr. Yellow.
Yeah, but Mr. Brown, that's a
little too close to Mr. Shit.
Mr. Pink sounds like Mr. Pussy.
How about if I'm Mr. Purple? That
sounds good to me. I'll be Mr. Purple.
You're not Mr. Purple.
Some guy on some other job is Mr. Purple.
You're Mr. Pink!
Who cares what your name is?
Yeah, that's easy for you to say.
You're Mr. White.
You have a cool-sounding name.
All right, look, if it's no big deal
to be Mr. Pink, do you wanna trade?
Hey, nobody's trading
with anybody.
This ain't a goddamn fuckin'
city council meeting, you know?
Now, listen up, Mr. Pink,
there's two ways you
can go on this job:
my way or the highway.
Now, what's it
gonna be, Mr. Pink?
Jesus Christ, Joe,
fuckin' forget about it.
It's beneath me, you know. I'm Mr. Pink.
Let's move on.
I'll move on when
I feel like it.
All you guys got the
goddamn message?
I'm so goddamn mad hollering at
you guys, I can hardly talk.
Let's go to work.
Let's go over it. Where are you?
I stand outside
and guard the door.
I don't let anybody
go in or go out.
- Mr. Brown?
- Mr. Brown waits in the car.
He's parked across the street. When I
signal he pulls up in front of the store.
Mr. Blond and Mr. Blue?
Crowd control. They handle
customers and employees.
- That girl's ass?
- Sitting right here on my dick.
Myself and Mr. Pink?
Ah, you two take the manager in the back
and make him give you the diamonds.
We're there for those
stones, period.
Since no display cases are being
fucked with, no alarms should go off.
We're out of there in two minutes.
Not one second longer.
What happens if the manager
won't give you the diamonds?
When you're dealing with a store like
this, they're insured up the ass.
They're not supposed to give
you any resistance whatsoever.
If you get a customer or an employee
who thinks he's Charles Bronson,
take the butt of your gun
and smash their nose in.
It drops them right to the floor.
Everyone jumps.
He falls down screaming, blood
squirts out of his nose.
Freaks everybody out. Nobody
says fuckin' shit after that.
You might get some bitch
talk shit to you,
but give her a look like you're
gonna smash her face next.
Watch her shut the fuck up.
Now if it's a manager,
that's a different story.
The managers know better
than to fuck around.
So, if you get one that's
giving you static,
he probably thinks
he's a real cowboy,
so you got to break that
son of a bitch in two.
If you wanna know something and he won't
tell you, cut off one of his fingers.
The little one. Then tell
him his thumb's next.
After that he'll tell you if
he wears ladies' underwear.
I'm hungry. Let's get a taco.
Come on!
Fuck!
Jesus! I got blinded, man.
I'm fuckin' blind.
You're not blind. You just got
blood in your eyes, all right?
Is he dead?
Did he die or not?
Let's go.
Hold it! Hold it! Right there!
Get out of the fuckin' car!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Larry.
I... I can't believe
she killed me.
Who'd have fuckin' thought that?
Hey, just cancel
that shit right now.
You're hurt. You're
hurt real fuckin' bad,
but you ain't dying.
Ohh!
All this blood's scaring
the shit out of me, Larry.
I... I'm gonna die, I know it.
What the fuck happened?
He slashed the cop's face, cut off his
ear and was gonna burn him alive.
What? I didn't hear you.
I said...
Blond went crazy.
He slashed the cop's face, cut off his
ear and was gonna burn him alive.
This cop?
No...
He went crazy, something like that?
Worse or better?
Eddie, he was pulling
a burn, man.
He was gonna kill
the cop and me.
When you guys walked
through the door,
he was gonna blow you to hell
and make off with the diamonds.
What'd I tell you? That sick piece
of shit was a stone-cold psycho.
You could've asked the cop,
if you didn't just kill him.
He talked about what he was gonna
do when he was slicing him up.
I don't buy it.
Doesn't make sense.
Makes perfect fuckin'
sense to me.
You weren't there during the job, buddy.
You didn't see how he acted. We did.
He's right about the
ear, it's hacked off.
All right, let me just say this out loud,
cause I wanna get this straight in my head.
You're saying that Mr.
Blond was gonna kill you,
and then when we got back
he was gonna kill us,
take the satchel of
diamonds and scram.
I'm right about that, right,
that's correct, that's your story?
I swear on my mother's eternal
soul, it's what happened.
The man you just killed just
got released from prison.
He got caught at a company
warehouse full of hot items.
He could've fuckin' walked.
All he had to do was say my dad's name, but
he didn't, he kept his fuckin' mouth shut,
and he did his fuckin' time and he did
it like a man. He did four years for us.
So, Mr. Orange...
you're telling me that this
very good friend of mine,
who did four years
for my father,
who, in four years, never made a deal, no
matter what they dangled in front of him...
you're telling me that now
that this man is free,
and we're making good on
our commitment to him,
he's just gonna decide, out of the
fuckin' blue... to rip us off?
Why don't you tell me
what really happened.
What the hell for?
It'd just be more bullshit.
This man set us up.
Dad, I'm sorry, but I don't
know what the hell's happening.
It's all right, Eddie, I do.
What the fuck are
you talking about?
That lump of shit's
workin' with the LAPD.
I don't have the slightest fuckin'
idea what you're talking about.
Joe, Joe, I don't know what you think
you know, but you're wrong.
Like hell I am.
Joe, trust me on this,
you've made a mistake.
He's a good kid.
I understand you're out!
You're super-fuckin'-pissed.
We're all real emotional.
But you're barking
up the wrong tree.
I know this man, he
wouldn't do that.
You don't know jack shit! I do.
The cocksucker
tipped off the cops,
and got Mr. Brown and
Mr. Blue killed.
Mr. Blue is dead?
Dead as Dillinger.
How do you know all this?
He was the only one I
wasn't 100 percent on.
I should have my fuckin' head examined,
going ahead when I wasn't 100 percent.
That's your proof?
You don't need proof
when you have instinct!
I ignored it before,
but no more.
Have you lost your fuckin' mind?
Joe, you're making a terrible mistake.
I'm not gonna let you make it.
Come on, guys.
Nobody wants this.
We're supposed to be
fuckin' professionals.
Larry, look,
it's been quite a long time.
A lot of jobs.
There's no need for this, man.
Let's just put our guns down...
and let's settle this with
a fuckin' conversation.
Joe, if you kill that
man, you die next.
Repeat: if you kill
that man, you die next.
Larry, we have been friends...
and you respect my dad and I respect you,
but I will put fuckin' bullets through your heart.
You put that fuckin'
gun down now!
God damn you, Joe...
don't make me do this.
Larry, stop pointin' that
fuckin' gun at my dad!
I'm sorry, kid.
Looks like we're gonna...
do... do a little time.
I'm a cop.
Larry...
I'm sorry.
I'm...
so... sorry.
I'm a cop.
I'm sorry.
Oh! Oh!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm... sorry...
Larry, I'm sorry.
Freeze! Drop the
fuckin' gun, buddy!
- Now!
- Put the gun down!
- Don't do it!
- Drop the gun, man!
- Drop the gun.
Drop the fuckin' gun!
We're gonna fuckin' blow you away!
♪ Brother bought a coconut
He bought it for a dime ♪
♪ His sister had another one
She paid it for the lime ♪
♪ She put the lime in the coconut
She drank them both up ♪
She called the doctor, woke him up ♪
♪ And said, Doctor
Ain't there nothin' I can take ♪
♪ I say, Doctor
To relieve this belly ache? ♪
Ain't there nothin' I can take ♪
♪ I say, Doctor
To relieve this belly ache? ♪
♪ Now let me get this straight ♪
♪ You put the lime in the coconut
You drank them both up ♪
♪ Put the lime in the coconut
You called your doctor, woke him up ♪
♪ And said, Doctor
Ain't there nothing I can take ♪
♪ I said, Doctor
To relieve this belly ache?♪
Ain't there nothin' I can take♪
♪ I said, Doctor
To relieve this belly ache? ♪
♪ You put the lime in the coconut,
you drink them both together ♪
♪ Put the lime in the coconut
Then you feel better ♪
Drink them both up ♪
♪ Put the lime in the coconut
And call me in the morning ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Brother bought a coconut
He bought it for a dime ♪
♪ His sister had another one
She paid it for the lime ♪
♪ She put the lime in the coconut
She drank them both up ♪
She called the doctor, woke him up ♪
♪ Said, Doctor
Ain't there nothin' I can take ♪
♪ I say, Doctor
To relieve this belly ache?♪
Ain't there nothin' I can take?♪
♪ I say, Doctor
Let me get this straight ♪
♪ You put the lime in the coconut
You drink them both up ♪
♪ Put the lime in the coconut
♪ You put the lime in the coconut
You drink them both up ♪
♪ Put the lime in the coconut
You such a silly woman ♪
And drink them both together ♪
♪ Put the lime in the coconut
Then you feel better ♪
Drink them both down ♪
♪ Put the lime in the coconut
And call me in the morning ♪
♪ Woo-woo
Ain't there nothin' you can take ♪
♪ I say, woo-woo
To relieve your belly ache? ♪
♪ You say, woo-woo
Ain't there nothin' I can take ♪
♪ I say, woo-woo
To relieve your belly ache? ♪
♪ You say, ya-ah
Ain't there nothin' I can take ♪
♪ I say, wa-ah
To relieve this belly ache? ♪
♪ I say, Doctor
Ain't there nothin' I can take? ♪
You're such a silly woman ♪
♪ Put the lime in the coconut
And drink them both together ♪
Then you feel better ♪
♪ Put the lime in the coconut
Drink them both up ♪
And call me in the morning ♪
♪ Yes, you call me in the morning ♪
♪ If you call me in the morning
I'll tell you what to do ♪
♪ If you call me in the morning... ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org